Add documentation for component limitations and unsupported features (#8425)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/sagas/saga-finding.md

partial: mapping

> > [!NOTE]
> > Cosmos DB persistence does not support custom saga finders. Use [message-property correlation](/nservicebus/sagas/message-correlation.md#message-property-expression) with a partition-aware mapping. For more information, see [Cosmos DB saga finding limitations](/persistence/cosmosdb/#usage-saga-finding-limitations).
> 

Reviewer: Feels a bit weird to be calling out a specific technology on this page. Should it be more generic?

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Not every persistence supports custom saga finders. Check the individual persistence page and where not supported use [message-property correlation](/nservicebus/sagas/message-correlation.md#message-property-expression) with a partition-aware mapping. 

```

Author: The way I look at it, is that we should be upfront and not make the user have to go somewhere else to find that information.

Reviewer: If we have more than just cosmosdb not supporting it, then this will become quite a list. It's easier to maintain if the information is in one place (ie on the individual pages)

Author: well, we can cross that bridge when it happens
